Add example to koyeb cp (#189)
koyeb/koyeb-cli: docs/reference.md

koyeb instances cp SRC DST [flags]
```

### Examples

```

> # To copy the file hello.txt, located in your working directory on your machine to a remote koyeb instance, in the /tmp/ directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To copy a file called `hello.txt` from the current directory of your local machine to the `/tmp` directory of a remote Koyeb Instance, type:
```

$> koyeb instance cp hello.txt <instance_id>:/tmp/

> # To copy the file spreadsheet.csv, located in /tmp/ in your Instance to the local directory on your machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To copy a `spreadsheet.csv` file from the `/tmp/` directory of your Koyeb Instance to the current directory on your local machine, type:
```
